[Music]
fifteen workout mistakes that can damage
your health are you dreaming of building
your dream body the solution seems to be
familiar just go to the gym
however exercising can not only pull a
muscle but also develop some serious
health problems and we are not trying to
be dramatic here people often do
exercises wrong which harms their health
do you want to know how to get to your
goal without the unfortunate need to
take medicine we've developed some
recommendations on how to train in the
gym properly and without ruining your
health
such information deserves a life don't
you think number fifteen hip bridge if
you aren't your back when doing the hip
bridge you're doing it wrong what
happens if you do it this way
well load your lower back instead of
your buttocks and it's not the result
you need to do it correctly bend your
knees so they form a right angle to the
floor raise your pelvis up and make sure
that your body forms a straight line
from your shoulders to your knees it's
important it may be helpful to do this
exercise in front of the mirror for the
first several times to control your
position at the top squeeze your
buttocks as hard as you can and contract
your abdominal muscles
number fourteen alternating side lunges
when you do this exercise don't lean too
far forward and bend your knees at an
acute angle it's wrong doing this you
overload your spine and means how to do
it right keep your back flat and don't
raise your pelvis you need to make sure
that your knee is bent at an angle of
approximately 90 degrees when squatting
number 13 plank the exercise which can
potentially give you a nicely toned
belly
rid you of a backache make your posture
straighter provide your body with extra
flexibility and even improve your bad
mood however if your back is not
straight when you are doing the plank
Archy or rounding the exercise loses its
effectiveness and becomes useless to
make it work hold your body in a
straight line from the top of your head
down to your heels keep your arms at an
angle of 90 degrees and don't bend your
neck number 12
back squat this exercise increases
overall muscle growth improves balance
and even prevents potential injuries as
you have bigger muscle strength and
balance at the same time let's see the
mistakes to avoid while doing this
exercise don't let your knees go beyond
your toes don't round your back and
don't lay the barbell on your neck
shifting the weight to your toes you can
severely harm your neck and fall to do
it correctly
make sure the barbell weight is kept in
line with the middle of your feet arch
your back and don't lift your heels off
the floor keep your thighs parallel to
the floor and don't squat too deep
number eleven grip the barbell correctly
yes even the grip matters what's more if
the barbell is on your neck it is
extremely traumatic to do it right pull
your elbows back and squeeze your
shoulder blades together so that a shelf
appears through the contraction of your
muscles put the barbell on this shelf as
low as possible
but make sure that you can steadily hold
it number 10 squat with a dumbbell or a
plate if your shoulders are rounded
forward during this exercise something
went wrong
what's more going too low on the squat
gives you an extra load don't do it to
do it right pull your shoulders back and
squeeze your shoulder blades together
keep your back straight slightly arched
in your lower back your thighs must be
parallel to the floor when squatting
number nine deadlift why do this
exercise first of all it increases fat
burning it offers you a nice posture and
it is safe well the safe is weight
lifting exercises go but you should be
extra attentive not to make the
following mistake if your legs and arms
are not vertical it puts you at risk of
falling and injuring your joints to do
it correctly you need to bend your knees
push your chest forward arch your lower
back and pull your pelvis back hold your
legs and arms perpendicular to the floor
number eight stepping on a platform when
you are doing this exercise check where
your feet are position the further we
stand from the platform the greater the
load is on our knees instead of our leg
muscles how to do this one correctly
straighten your back and squeeze your
shoulder blades together slightly arch
your back and stand closer to the
workout bench or platform you need you
must be in line with your foot here you
go
while you are practicing your newly
formed exercise skills remember to hit
the like button and let's continue
number seven benchpress don't do it if
your knees are bent a ton obtuse angle
your back is straight and the barbell is
shifted forward this way the load isn't
even and the exercise becomes
ineffective to do it right hold the
barbell in line with your shoulders
arch your lower back bend your knees and
move your feet slightly backwards
towards your hips number six
dumbbell lunges what are the benefits of
dumbbell lunges they are numerous
first of all you improve your running
and jumping skills moreover you find out
which side of your body is weak and
strengthen it and it improves your
balance just remember if your knee is
twisted sideways it's wrong ineffective
and even traumatic the right way to do
this exercise is to keep your knee in
line with your foot and bend it at an
angle of 90 degrees when stepping
forward number five
one-legged squat that's an even more
perfect exercise for practicing your
balance but you are doing it wrong if
you shoulders are rounded forward this
way your back is rounded and the squat
is not low enough to do it right pull
your shoulders back and straighten up
squat down until your thighs are
parallel to the floor
number four one-arm dumbbell row this
exercise strengthens your back and chest
muscles as well as stretching them don't
raise your head when doing it if your
head is raised your back arches such a
position is wrong and harmful it is
important that your body makes a
straight line from the top of your head
to your buttocks
number three dumbbell overhead triceps
extension this exercise is an isolated
one it means it influences only one
group of muscles it's convenient as you
can concentrate all your efforts
exclusively on your triceps you do it
wrong if you grip the dumbbell in the
middle of its handle this way your
joints will be loaded instead of your
muscles to do it correctly
take the dumbbell in both hands with
your palms facing up keep your shoulders
motionless and press your elbows as
close to your head as possible raise the
dumbbell overhead and slowly lower it
number two standing calf raise if your
goal is to jump higher
this exercise is perfect for you you
need to pay attention though if your
feet are halfway or almost completely on
the platform it's wrong they are not
aligned with your shoulders to do it
right and stand with a third of your
feet on the platform so that they are in
line with your shoulders lift your heels
as high as possible hold for a few
seconds then lower your heels until they
are below the platform number one
hyperextension this is an excellent
exercise for a strong lower back you
should notice that you were doing it
wrong if your body doesn't fall in a
straight line and your lower back is
strongly arched here's the tip for doing
it right avoid rounding or bending your
lower back raise your torso to hip level
and don't round your back when bending
down we hope our video will allow you to
train efficiently do you have any
stories on the topic to share write them
down in the comments and give us a
thumbs up if this video receives 40,000
likes
we'll make a video about a new
way to lose weight and build the muscles
fast join us on the bright side
you